Add basic touchscreen support for canvas navigation, drawing, scaling, and frame/element selection and editing (#1007)
nordeck/matrix-neoboard: .changeset/vast-knives-type.md

---
'@nordeck/matrix-neoboard-react-sdk': minor
---

> New touch guestures added for iPad and touch support for frame elements. With 1 finger you can pan, select, unselect, add, draw; with 2 fingers - scale. Double-tap on a selected element to edit text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New touch gestures added for iPad and touch support for frame elements. With 1 finger you can pan, select, deselect, add, draw; with 2 fingers - scale. Double-tap on a selected element to edit text.
```

Reviewer 2: have changed already the changeset, maybe you could have a look

---
'@nordeck/matrix-neoboard-react-sdk': minor
'@nordeck/matrix-neoboard-widget': minor
---

> Add touchscreen gestures. Use one finger to pan, select, deselect, add, and draw. Use two fingers to scale. Improve support for frame elements. Double-tap selected elements to edit text. Press and hold a finger to see an element's context menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add basic touchscreen support. Tap and drag with one finger to pan, select, deselect, add, and draw. Pinch with two fingers to zoom. Simplify frame selection mechanic to adapt to touchscreens. Double-tap elements to edit text. Long press to open an element's context menu.
```
```suggestion
Add basic touchscreen support. Tap and drag with one finger to pan, select, deselect, add, and draw. Pinch with two fingers to zoom. Simplify frame selection mechanic. Double-tap elements to edit text. Long press to open an element's context menu.
```

> Add basic touchscreen support. Tap and drag with one finger to pan, select, deselect, add, and draw. Pinch with two fingers to scale. Simplify frame selection mechanic to adapt to touchscreens. Double-tap elements to edit text. Long press to open an element's context menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add basic touchscreen support. Tap and drag with one finger to pan, select, deselect, add, and draw. Pinch with two fingers to zoom. Simplify frame selection mechanic to adapt to touchscreens. Double-tap elements to edit text. Long press to open an element's context menu.
```
